Moment timezone include (#1521)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/utilities/moment-timezone-include/README.md

# @bbc/moment-timezone-include - [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/bbc/psammead/badge.svg?targetFile=packages%2Futilities%2Fmoment-timezone-include%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/bbc/psammead?targetFile=packages%2Futilities%2Fmoment-timezone-include%2Fpackage.json) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/blob/latest/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@bbc/moment-timezone-include.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@bbc/moment-timezone-include) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/blob/latest/CONTRIBUTING.md)

This package allows you to exclude all moment timezones from being included, while including specific ones in the chunks you desire.

## Installation

```jsx
npm install @bbc/moment-timezone-include --save
```

## Usage - Exclude default timezones

```jsx
plugins: [new MomentTimezoneInclude({ startYear: 1990, endYear: 2025 })],
```

> This does two things. Firstly it removes all timezones from the moment-timezone package so that they can be included individually. It also specifies the date range of the specifically included timezone data. If `startYear` isnt provided it defaults to the earliest availile data and likewise if `endYear` isnt included it includes all known future data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This does two things. Firstly it removes all timezones from the moment-timezone package so that they can be included individually. It also specifies the date range of the specifically included timezone data. If `startYear` isn't provided it defaults to the earliest available data and likewise if `endYear` isn't included it includes all known future data.
```

Reviewer: Also, do you mean "date" when you say "data" here?

Author: Nope, data :)

## Usage - Include specific timezones

```jsx
import '@bbc/moment-timezone-include/tz/America/New_York'
```

> This makes the specified timezone availile to moment. It supports all moment timezones buy replacing `America/New_York` in the example above with any moment timezone. The full list of timezones can be found [here](https://github.com/moment/moment-timezone/blob/develop/data/packed/latest.json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This makes the specified timezone available to moment. It supports all moment timezones by replacing `America/New_York` in the example above with any moment timezone. The full list of timezones can be found [here](https://github.com/moment/moment-timezone/blob/develop/data/packed/latest.json)
```
